README.md, before:

# GNius

GNius was created exclusively for IIT-GN students, which also participated in Inter IIT Tech Meet 2017 in the event "Dashboard".
The portal was made to accumulate every feature that the institute student needs, all in one place. 
The problems that a hostel student frequently encountered was brought together.
## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them
*Django

```
Give examples
```

### Installing

A step by step series of examples that tell you have to get a development env running

Say what the step will be

```
Give the example
```

And repeat

```
until finished
```

End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo



## Deployment

You need to host it on a server which supports Django.

## Built With

* [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/start/overview/) - The web framework used (backend)
* [Materialize.css](http://materializecss.com/) - Front End Framework
* [JQuery](https://jquery.com/) - Makes JavaScript easier

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/b24679402957c63ec426) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.


## Authors

* **Rushali Saxena**
* **CR Greeshma**
* **Chitipolu Gowtham**
* **Nagasai (UI Designer)**

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments and Credits

*Special thanks to Rithwik Kukunari and PJ Sahith for Parcel feature (which was their own) and helping us in building our project further.
*Special thanks to V Avinash for helping so much with Django. 
*We would also like to thank Praneeth Maddi for his support too.
*Following links for the varius effects in the page:
-Choose file button on upload form: http://jsfiddle.net/yp2dykn5/
-Hover effect on upload form: http://codepen.io/kavendish/pen/gJric/
-Small dot on bell structure: http://jsfiddle.net/zxVhL/15/
-Buttons hover effect on terashare: http://codepen.io/kavendish/pen/gJric/
-Background image source on login, sign up and home page: http://www.iitgn.ac.in/new-campus/gallery/student_hostel/
-Calendar Javascript: https://codepen.io/xmark/pen/WQaXdv
-Line-feature in bullets: (still locating source)

Commit message:

update of contributing.md link left

README.md, after:

# GNius

GNius was created exclusively for IIT-GN students, which also participated in Inter IIT Tech Meet 2017 in the event "Dashboard".
The portal was made to accumulate every feature that the institute student needs, all in one place. 
The problems that a hostel student frequently encountered was brought together.
## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

You must have Django installed on the system along with Python 3. Django version: 1.10 and Python version 3.5.2

### Installing

Installation of Django can be referred to in this link: https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.10/intro/install/
Relevant version of Python installation can be viewed here: https://www.python.org/downloads/



## Deployment

You need to host it on a server which supports Django.

## Built With

* [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/start/overview/) - The web framework used (backend)
* [Materialize.css](http://materializecss.com/) - Front End Framework
* [JQuery](https://jquery.com/) - Makes JavaScript easier

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/b24679402957c63ec426) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.


## Authors

* **Rushali Saxena**
* **CR Greeshma**
* **Chitipolu Gowtham**
* **Nagasai (UI Designer)**

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments and Credits

*Special thanks to Rithwik Kukunari and PJ Sahith for Parcel feature (which was their own) and helping us in building our project further.
*Special thanks to V Avinash for helping so much with Django. 
*We would also like to thank Praneeth Maddi for his support too.
*Following links for the varius effects in the page:
-Choose file button on upload form: http://jsfiddle.net/yp2dykn5/
-Hover effect on upload form: http://codepen.io/kavendish/pen/gJric/
-Small dot on bell structure: http://jsfiddle.net/zxVhL/15/
-Buttons hover effect on terashare: http://codepen.io/kavendish/pen/gJric/
-Background image source on login, sign up and home page: http://www.iitgn.ac.in/new-campus/gallery/student_hostel/
-Calendar Javascript: https://codepen.io/xmark/pen/WQaXdv
-Line-feature in bullets: (still locating source)
